0You are on one side of a large, deep chasm.  A heavy whitemist rising up from below obscures all view of the farside.A sw path leads away.Z1You are on the far side of the chasm.  A ne path leads awayfrom the chasm on this side.Z2You're in a long east/west corridor.  A faint rumbling noisecan be heard in the distance.Z3The path forks here.  The left fork leads northeast.A dull rumbling seems to get louder in that direction.The main corridor enters from the west.Z4You are walking along a gently sloping north/south passagelined with oddly shaped limestone formations.Z5The walls are quite warm here.  From the north can be hearda steady roar so loud that the entire cave seems to betrembling.  Another passage leads south and a low crawlgoes east.Z6You are in a small chamber filled with large boulders.The walls are very warm causing the air in the room to bealmost stifling from the heat.  The only exit is a crawlheading west, through which is coming a low rumbling.Z7You are on the edge of a breath-taking view.  Far below youis an active volcano, from which great gouts of molten lavacome surging out, cascading back into the depths.  Theglowing rock fills the farthest reaches of the cavern with ablood-red glare, giving everything an eerie  macabreappearance.  The air is filled with flickering sparks of ashand a heavy smell of brimstone.  The walls are hot to thetouch, and the thundering of the volcano drowns out allother sounds.  Embedded in the jagged roof far overhead aremyriad twisted formations composed of pure white alabaster,which scatter the murky light into sinister apparitions uponthe walls.  To one side is a deep gorge, filled with abizarre chaos of tortured rock which seems to have beencrafted by the devil himself.  An immense river of firecrashes out from the depths of the volcano, burns its waythrough the gorge and plummets into a bottomless pit far offto your left.  To the right, an immense geyser of blisteringsteam erupts continuously from a barren island in the centerof a sulfurous lake which bubbles ominously.  The far rightwall is aflame with an incandescence of its own, which lendsan additional infernal splendor to the already hellish scene.A dark, foreboding passage exits to the south.Z8You are standing at the entrance of a large barren room.A sign posted above the entrance reads:'Caution:  Bear in room!'Z9You are inside a barren room.  The centre of the room iscompletely empty except for some dust.  Marks in the dustlead away toward the far end of the room.  The only exit isthe way you came in.Z